parse_data_nate_1 was not hit
parse_data_nate_2 was hit
parse_data_nate_3 was not hit
parse_data_nate_4 was hit
parse_data_nate_5 was hit
parse_data_nate_6 was not hit
Current Branch Coverage: 50%

parse_data_nate_1 was not hit
parse_data_nate_2 was hit
parse_data_nate_3 was hit
parse_data_nate_4 was hit
parse_data_nate_5 was hit
parse_data_nate_6 was hit
Current Branch Coverage: 83%

parse_data_nate_1 was hit
parse_data_nate_2 was hit
parse_data_nate_3 was hit
parse_data_nate_4 was hit
parse_data_nate_5 was hit
parse_data_nate_6 was hit
Current Branch Coverage: 100%

parse_data_nate_1 was hit
parse_data_nate_2 was hit
parse_data_nate_3 was hit
parse_data_nate_4 was hit
parse_data_nate_5 was hit
parse_data_nate_6 was hit
Current Branch Coverage: 100%

parse_data_nate_1 was not hit
parse_data_nate_2 was hit
parse_data_nate_3 was not hit
parse_data_nate_4 was hit
parse_data_nate_5 was hit
parse_data_nate_6 was not hit
Current Branch Coverage: 50%

parse_data_nate_1 was not hit
parse_data_nate_2 was hit
parse_data_nate_3 was hit
parse_data_nate_4 was hit
parse_data_nate_5 was hit
parse_data_nate_6 was hit
Current Branch Coverage: 83%

parse_data_nate_1 was hit
parse_data_nate_2 was hit
parse_data_nate_3 was hit
parse_data_nate_4 was hit
parse_data_nate_5 was hit
parse_data_nate_6 was hit
Current Branch Coverage: 100%

parse_data_nate_1 was hit
parse_data_nate_2 was hit
parse_data_nate_3 was hit
parse_data_nate_4 was hit
parse_data_nate_5 was hit
parse_data_nate_6 was hit
Current Branch Coverage: 100%
