setup_logging_branch_1, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_2, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_3, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_4, hit: False
setup_logging_branch_5, hit: False
Branch coverage: 60.0%

setup_logging_branch_1, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_2, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_3, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_4, hit: False
setup_logging_branch_5, hit: False
Branch coverage: 60.0%

setup_logging_branch_1, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_2, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_3, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_4, hit: False
setup_logging_branch_5, hit: False
Branch coverage: 60.0%

setup_logging_branch_1, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_2, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_3, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_4, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_5, hit: False
Branch coverage: 80.0%

setup_logging_branch_1, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_2, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_3, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_4, hit: True
setup_logging_branch_5, hit: True
Branch coverage: 100.0%
